

A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.


        RFC 2234

	Title:      Augmented BNF for Syntax Specifications: ABNF
	Author(s):  D. Crocker, Ed., P. Overell
        Status:     Proposed Standard
	Date:       November 1997
        Mailbox:    dcrocker@imc.org, paulo@turnpike.com
        Pages:      14
        Characters: 24265
        Updates/Obsoletes:  None

        URL:        ftp://ds.internic.net/rfc/rfc2234.txt

Internet technical specifications often need to define a format syntax
and are free to employ whatever notation their authors deem useful.
Over the years, a modified version of Backus-Naur Form (BNF), called
Augmented BNF (ABNF), has been popular among many Internet
specifications.  It balances compactness and simplicity, with
reasonable representational power.  In the early days of the Arpanet,
each specification contained its own definition of ABNF.  This
included the email specifications, RFC733 and then RFC822 which have
come to be the common citations for defining ABNF.  The current
document separates out that definition, to permit selective reference.

This document is a product of the Detailed Revision/Update of Message
Standards Working Group.

This is now a Proposed Standard Protocol.

This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for
the Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions
for improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the
"Internet Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the
standardization state and status of this protocol.  Distribution
of this memo is unlimited.

This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST@IETF.ORG.  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST@ISI.EDU.

Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info@ISI.EDU with the message body 
help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:

        To: rfc-info@ISI.EDU
        Subject: getting rfcs

        help: ways_to_get_rfcs

Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to admin@DS.INTERNIC.NET.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.

Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR@ISI.EDU.  Please consult RFC 1543, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.


Joyce K. Reynolds and Alegre Ramos
USC/Information Sciences Institute


